so about a year ago maybe a little less
I bought this panda washer spender
combination machine and I tested out in
the house I showed you guys how it
worked and I made a comment that I was
gonna install it in the RV and I don't
have a lot of time that I'd like to have
so I threw this thing in the closet and
I've just been using it by pull move out
and open up to the sink now it's the
season's over I want to install this
machine in this little closet in this RV
and I want to do it so it's pretty
simple to use and I got to fight the
hoses and drainage and and all that good
stuff so this is probably gonna be a
two-part video the first part is going
to show you my idea in theory and the
second part is probably going to show
you is installation and what I had to
change and what was different but the
idea is to sit this machine in this
closet and it's just a closet that sits
above the furnace this is an old
Winnebago in 1970 if you watch my videos
you'll you'll see those it's pretty
original so I don't want to do too much
to hurt or harm the RV or taking any
value away but I do want to hook this up
so that it's semi permanent install and
I don't have to pull it out every time I
use it cuz I do use it this clause it's
perfect thus artbeads got two great big
huge closets so this is ideal for this
and it still gives me a really large
closet that's behind me to hold my
clothes and this is quite frankly rev
and keeping this machine anyhow but the
concept is if the layout of this RV is
pretty different
mmm it's right next to this fridge and
underneath the fridge is a cavity that
you can get to and then right next to
this is the range and underneath is a
cavity you can get to and then the sink
I just come back from a trip and I use
this thing kind of as a catch-all to
keep things from flopping around but
there's this thing so we're not too far
away from waters and if you've seen in
this closet
there's water running in already this is
Factory I didn't put this in this is how
they used to do it 1970 but I could tap
on so that's a plug for my water without
much problems this machine I'm sure a
lot of you people like to use warm water
whatnot I've been using cold water and
it's
doing a great job for me I'm not a big
hot water clothes guy anyhow so I'm
gonna just plummet into cold water the
drain
I can go underneath underneath this and
tap on to that kitchen drain pretty easy
as well so my intentions are is to run
this or change this tubing this until
the more robust and take it into the
drain permanently then the next problem
is I need to supply water and this
machine has two inlets on top one is for
the spin cycle but for the washing
machine and the other is for the spin
cycle just to do some rinses and don't
use this often but if I have some really
heavy soiled clothes that I used a lot
of soap sometimes I use this so I want
to hook it up to and the way it is
previously is you just have these hoses
but you just like one homes in here and
you plug it into the sink and you fill
this up and then you run your machine
and then you move the connection from
here so over here and then as you're
spinning it if you want to rinse it or
give an extra rinse you just you know
add a few seconds of water and and you
do that a couple times and you're done
so I thought well I want to set this up
pretty simple and I wanna make it easy
to use so here's what I come up with and
I might change my mind
but this is what I get right now I've
got a couple of electric valves and they
are 12 volt valves and basically you add
power they come on they're pretty simple
and pretty reliable and I got them off
of ebay did not pay a lot of money for
him and like I said I might change my
mind I don't know but I could definitely
mount this up underneath in that heater
compartment actually to the left of it
which would be under the fridge there's
plenty of room down in turn out
something like this in there and there
he is if I feed water into this guy and
yeah that would be my cold water inlet
and I come out the sides went into the
washing machine and one into this rinse
machine then I could hook up a switch
like this and this is a double throw on
hold switch so you have to hold it
for it to stay on and it's it's a double
pole so you could hook up two motors to
it okay sir to us Illinois so I could
look once Illinois to here and once
owned a lady here I think that's right
I'm trying to look through the camera
and do it at the same time actually I
think it's a hearing here but regardless
you can throw the switch one way and
it'll trip once Illinois and throw the
switch the other way and no trip the
other solenoid so if I had this switch
in there I could label this rinse wash
or vice versa and it doesn't take very
long to fill the cavity so it would be a
big deal back there - sir my clothes in
it hold it up - I give them a water in
it that I that I like and then let go of
it and turn the machine on in over run
and then I thought you know for safety
majors I'd like to have just a one thing
on/off and this is a 110 with a light in
it just that way if you open the calls
and you see the light on you know the
machines got powered probably I'll turn
it off
not that it's a big deal because it's
got its own switch but I just like
safety measures so again these are just
eBay items nothing really expensive I
don't even know if I've used the box but
that's how I got the equipment so that's
my intention so I think that should be
fairly simple fairly straightforward I
do the second part of the video I'm sure
I'll probably change my ideas and I'll
keep you updated if you guys have any
ideas to do better let me know and you
I'll take ideas and if you do something
say something really cool if I can use
them you know certainly give you credit
and we'll do it